<strong>DISCLAIMER</strong>: This website and any of the information on this website is not intended to be construed as medical advice, nor is it intended to lead anyone away from a qualified health practitioner. We make no claims to cure, diagnose, treat or prevent any disease. We cannot take responsibility for those who may want to help themselves outside of our instructions. If you have a medical condition, we urge you to be supervised by a qualified health practitioner of your choice.
<h3>Content&nbsp;provided for education and research information only</h3>
The information on this website is presented by Natural Health Group Pty Ltd for the purpose of disseminating information free of charge to the public.

This material is general in nature. While Natural Health Group Pty Ltd has exercised due care in ensuring the accuracy of the material contained on this website, the information is made available on the understanding that the Natural Health Group Pty Ltd is not providing professional advice on a particular matter.

Nothing contained in this site is intended to be used as medical advice and it is not intended to be used to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease, nor should it be used for therapeutic purposes or as a substitute for your own health professional's advice.

Before relying on the material in any important matter, users should carefully evaluate its accuracy, currency, completeness and relevance for their purposes, and should obtain any appropriate professional advice relevant to their particular circumstances.

In some cases the material may incorporate or summarise views, guidelines or recommendations of third parties. Such material is assembled in good faith, but does not necessarily reflect the considered views of the Natural Health Group Pty Ltd, or indicate a commitment to a particular course of action.

Natural Health Group Pty Ltd does not accept any liability for any injury, loss or damage incurred by use of or reliance on the information provided and or advice provided by or on this website.